let's begin to show hey guys welcome
back this is products gaming and today i
have a diablo 3 which doctor level 60
build and before i start off and just
tell you what its gonna be about first
going to showing the skills on skill
runes and then the gear and i'm going to
show you little bit of gameplay over
that and let's just jump right into it
as primarily have plagued of toads
explosive toads releases and for fire
bullfrogs that explode for 245 percent
weapon damage that's pretty good i guess
by BATS this is really handy for a big
mobs around you a lot also for elites it
works really good a shit ton of damage
as you can see four hundred twenty-five
percent weapon damage and damage of the
bats is increased by twenty percent
every second up to a maximum of one
hundred percent to get out of trouble we
have a spirit walk jump which makes you
immune to any damage and you can walk
through enemies for three seconds Big
Bad Voodoo slam lands for increased
damage against nearby allies it also
boasts them so if you're playing with
party of one expression or more they'll
give you bus as well go against your
raffle protector for it will be
something for 15 seconds but it will do
massive damage and huge crits fetish
army for crowd control or just elites
you can just pop them and they'll wreck
everything Legion of datas gives you an
extra free and fetishes and they do a
lot of damage trust me they do a lot
passive skills I've got grave injustice
so if you're killing mobs with fire bats
for example and your spirit walkers in
pull down you'll just wreck them and
you'll have spirit walk in spirit risk
spirit vessel to get the cooldown of
spirit walk horrifying so Harvey spells
a little put to second valve and yeah
that's pretty nice I guess
tribal rights for reducing cooldowns on
the back unity hex convention that
Johnny Simmons only dogs and mass
confusion skills by twenty-five percent
and that's a very handy now we're going
to go into my gear it's nothing special
is what they're some handy stuff sword
keep in mind this is devil 60 stuff so
it isn't the best like little 70 Reaper
of souls items this is what is pretty
good these boots burn the ground you
walk on deal a 100-percent what the
damage which are pretty nice that does a
lot of damage to be honest and these
rings nothing special I guess these can
stun enemies within 25 yards reduces
your damage taken by ten percent these
shoulders may explode into the fan of
knives which has quite a lot of damage
and if you're in a swarm it's pretty
honey I guess this helm is also pretty
handy if i use for instance play thirds
like that i hid stuff um it will like
extra little bar rusted around me which
is yeah does extra damage this spell is
pretty good i guess i need the other
sets first but black phones is a pretty
good set miami new is nothing special oh
yeah it's pretty much it so now i'm
going to show you some gameplay so when
we keep deaths level 1 and torment one
and we're just going to show how thick
it is this bill days she'll run look at
these are the first time in the real
event
seems a fan of knives and the acid stuff
look at my hip you can see the castle
stuff and then my knives doing a little
damage so that means this is also like
how 11 you build I guess it's effective
a lot of a we don't just build so much
so much fun see the toes reckon face
here step 3 spam it aids real i right
keep continuing until you find some
elites yep
Eastern literature / gangshim here
just yet come on tryin somethin maybe
he'll elites everything all right pieces
to see them by so van quick and just
these little too warm lining fit walk to
your doge the icy Dalton here there we
go letting every time they're nothing
yes keep on walking at this little
respect to wreck everything I can just
walk over them and pretty much go into
these boots are so damn good show you
find some mods just walk over Adam just
using plan of knives on this thing
almost kill them like that let's go down
an easier I guess this is pretty much it
if you want to see more Diablo guides
and fields stab subscribe like comment
and i will see you guys later